"While I do appreciate you all, Im out!"
"Thanks for all the memories, stay vigilant!"
"Free at last, Free at last! Thank God almighty I am Free at last" - MLK
"Thank you all!"
"Just Because You're A Trash Doesn't Mean You Can't Do Great Things. It's Called Garbage Can, Not Garbage Cannot"
"I Had To Put My Grades Up For Adoption Because I Couldn't Raise Them"
"I Am Not Vegetarian Because I Love Animals; I Am A Vegetarian Because I Hate Plants"
"Just Give Me My Diploma And Pronounce My Name Correctly"
"My A's Turned To B's And So Did My Grades, God Bless"
"Education Is Important But Big Biceps Are Importanter"
"Remember To Always Be Yourself, Unless You Suck. Then Pretend To Be Someone Else"
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take - Wayne Gretzky" - Michael Scott
"It's Not Enough That I Should Succeed - Other Should Fail"
"That which does not kill us makes us stronger." - Friedrich Nietzsche
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way." - Napoleon Hill
"I haven’t failed. I’ve just found 10,000 ways that won’t work." - Thomas Edison
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"Believe you can and you’re halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." - Albert Einstein
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." - Mae West
"Remember no one can make you feel inferior without your consent." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much." - Oscar Wilde
"The only true wisdom is knowing that you know nothing." - Socrates
"Isn't it amazing that we are all made in God's image, and yet there is so much diversity among his people?" - Desmond Tutu
"If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you." - Les Brown
“We are what we believe we are!” - C.S Lewis
"Yes. You Can."
“Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.” – Eleanor Roosevelt
“Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.” – John F. Kennedy
“It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.” – Theodore Roosevelt
“Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.” – Mother Theresa
“Love is a serious mental disease.” – Plato
“Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.” – H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
“Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.” – Pablo Picasso
“If you want to be happy, be.” – Leo Tolstoy
“The opposite of love is not hate; it’s indifference.” – Elie Wiesel
“Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.” – Babe Ruth
“Life is trying things to see if they work.” – Ray Bradbury